Messages report (#36)
SOMAS2021/SOMAS-Final-Report: 002_simulation_structure/002_simulation_structure.tex

%%%%%%%% Message Passing
%%%%%%%%
\section{Message Passing}\label{message_passing}
\subsection{Primitive Messaging}
An important role of Team 1 was to design a mechanism for agents to talk amongst each other in the simulation that would allow automated communication. The first step in this process was to design a system which would allow an agent to pass along a minimum viable message to their neighbours. These were the goals of communication in the MVP:
\begin{itemize}

>     \item Agents could only talk to their immediate neighbors (+/- 1 floor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item Agents could only talk to their immediate neighbors ($\pm1$ floor).
```

    \item Agents should be given the ability to ignore communication.

>     \item Multiple agents could be “speaking” at a given tick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item Multiple agents could be ``speaking'' in a given tick.
```

>     \item One agent could send one message per tick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item One agent can send one message per tick.
```

>     \item \textbf{It is entirely an agent's discretion if/when/how they wish to react to a message as long as their behavior is not deceptive}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item \textbf{It is entirely at an agent's discretion if/when/how they wish to react to a message as long as their behavior is not deceptive}
```

\end{itemize}

> As a team, Team 1 emphasized the last point. The infrastructure should not force any behavior onto the agent as long as the behavior was honest. The basic philosophy of the communication infrastructure was to dictate as little as possible about the agent's behavior while keeping the API friendly, readable and hard to get wrong. This usually meant making providing basic override-able behaviors to be as unobtrusive as possible to team strategies. \newline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a team, Team 1 emphasized the last point. The infrastructure should not force any behavior onto the agent as long as the behavior was honest. The basic philosophy of the communication infrastructure was to dictate as little as possible about the agent's behavior while keeping the API readable and user-friendly. This meant providing basic override-able behaviors that were as unobtrusive as possible to team strategies. \newline
```

> As a team, Team 1 emphasized the last point. The infrastructure should not force any behavior onto the agent as long as the behavior was honest. The basic philosophy of the communication infrastructure was to dictate as little as possible about the agent's behavior while keeping the API friendly, readable and hard to get wrong. This usually meant making providing basic override-able behaviors to be as unobtrusive as possible to team strategies. \newline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The infrastructure should not force any behaviour onto an agent as long as the behaviour is honest. The basic philosophy of the communication infrastructure was to dictate as little as possible about the agent's behaviour while keeping the API readable and user-friendly. This usually meant providing basic override-able behaviours to be as unobtrusive as possible to team strategies. \newline
```

The minimum default message had to have the following fields that are accessible to all the agents that receive it:
\begin{itemize}

>     \item \textbf{\texttt{MessageType}}: Indicates one of 13 enumerated message types.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    \item \textbf{\texttt{MessageType}}: Indicates the message type.
```

Just flagging this for inconsistency. We mention the need for a common language between agents later but here we define the message fields as they were after the common language had been implemented. I'm happy for this to not change if people do no see as an issue.

    \item \textbf{\texttt{SenderFloor}}: Returns the floor this message was sent from.

>     \item \textbf{\texttt{TargetFloor}}: The floor the message is addressed to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item \textbf{\texttt{TargetFloor}}: Returns the floor the message is addressed to.
```
For consistency

    \item \textbf{\texttt{ID}}: Each message sent is given a unique ID.
\end{itemize}
\vspace{\baselineskip}

> For the MVP, Team 1 constructed a system where for example in a scenario where Alice (currently at floor 10) wishes to send a message upward:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the MVP, Team 1 constructed a system in which, for example, when Alice (currently at floor 30) wishes to send a message upward:
```

\begin{enumerate}
    \item At Tick 0, Alice would construct the message for Bob containing the following information:
        \begin{itemize}
            \item \textbf{Alice's ID}
            \item \textbf{Alice's current floor}: 30

>             \item \textbf{Message's target floor}: 31 \textit{Since Alice wants to message the floor above her}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            \item \textbf{Message's target floor}: 29 \textit{Since Alice wants to message the floor above her}
```

Author: She wants to send a message to the floor above her though so wouldn't it be 31?

            \item \textbf{Message Type} (to be elaborated on the Common Languages Section)
        \end{itemize}
    \item Still at Tick 0, Alice calls \texttt{SendMessage} which takes her message and passes it to the tower.

>     \item The tower acts as the communication authority, finding the agent who is on floor 31 at Tick 0 and inserts the message into the recipient agent's (Bob's) inbox.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item The tower acts as the communication authority, finding the agent who is on floor 29 at Tick 0 and inserting the message into the recipient agent's (Bob's) inbox.
```

    \item At Tick 1, Bob may choose to call \texttt{ReceiveMessage} which would extract Alice's message (if Alice was the first or only agent to send him a message at Tick 0) and respond.
    \item If Bob has called \texttt{ReceiveMessage}, Alice's message is removed from Bob's inbox.
\end{enumerate}

> With this implementation, each agent is responsible for calling \texttt{ReceiveMessage} once per tick to receive any messages. The inbox is FIFO - If multiple messages were received or if there were outstanding messages from previous ticks, only the earliest one can be retrieved at a given tick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this implementation, each agent is responsible for calling \texttt{ReceiveMessage} once per tick to receive any messages. The inbox is a FIFO queue -- if multiple messages are received or if there are outstanding messages from previous ticks, only the earliest one can be retrieved in a given tick.
```

> Additionally, ``receiving" does not necessarily imply ``reacting", an agent is capable of receiving a message and not responding to it at all without the sender's knowledge. Decoupling ``receiving" and ``reacting" gave agent teams the freedom to ignore messages entirely (metaphorically covering their ears in the tower and refusing to listen to anybody), to listen to messages and do nothing about them, or to actively listen and react. \newline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, ``receiving" does not necessarily imply ``reacting". An agent is capable of receiving a message and not responding to it at all without the sender's knowledge. Decoupling ``receiving" and ``reacting" gave agent teams the freedom to ignore messages entirely (metaphorically covering their ears in the tower and refusing to listen to anybody), to listen to messages and do nothing about them, or to actively listen and react. \newline
```

> Beyond the MVP, however, messages needed to have meaning. Because the process would be automated it was meaningless to send unstructured strings, how was an agent to understand ``Please only eat what you need to survive."? \newline
> A common language was necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beyond the MVP, however, messages needed to have meaning. Because the process would be automated it was meaningless to send unstructured strings. An agent would not be able to understand `Please only eat what you need to survive.". It was decided that a common language was necessary. \newline

```

> Beyond the MVP, however, messages needed to have meaning. Because the process would be automated it was meaningless to send unstructured strings, how was an agent to understand ``Please only eat what you need to survive."? \newline
> A common language was necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Beyond the MVP, however, messages needed to have meaning. Because the process is automated, it is meaningless to send unstructured strings, for example, an agent cannot understand ``please only eat what you need to survive''. Therefore, a common language is necessary.
```

\subsection{Common Language}
To design the common language, Team 1 surveyed the agent teams asking for what they would like to talk to other agents about. We collected suggestions and found that communication indicated one of four possibilities:
\begin{enumerate}
    \item An agent could be \textit{asking} another agent for information. ``How much food is on the platform when it gets to you?" or ``How much food did you take?"
    \item An agent could be \textit{stating} something about its state or environment. ``I am in critical (health) condition" or ``There is no more food left on the platform"
    \item An agent could be \textit{request} something from another agent. ``Please leave 10 food on the platform for me."
    \item An agent could be \textit{responding} to another agent's request. ``Yes." or ``No."
\end{enumerate}
These categories solidified into four basic messages - \texttt{Ask}, \texttt{State}, \texttt{Request}, and \texttt{Response}. \newline

> In addition, \texttt{Ask} and \texttt{Request} are messages that expect a response. A \texttt{State} message could be a response to an \texttt{Ask} but also could be an unprompted announcement while \texttt{Response} must be responding to some pre-existing \texttt{Request}. \newline 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, \texttt{Ask} and \texttt{Request} are messages that expect a response. A \texttt{State} message could be a response to an \texttt{Ask} message but could also be an unprompted announcement. A \texttt{Response} message must always be in response to some pre-existing \texttt{Request}. \newline 
```

 \hline
\end{tabular}
\end{center}
From these basic categories 11 specific messages were developed that specified what was being asked, stated, requested or responded to.
\begin{center}
\begin{longtable}{p{4cm}p{2.5cm}p{4cm}p{4cm}}
 \hline
 \textbf{Message Type} & \textbf{Category} & \textbf{Description} & \textbf{Reply Type} \\ [0.5ex] 
 \hline\hline
 \texttt{AskFoodTaken} & \texttt{AskMessage} & Asks how much food an agent has (already) taken
 & \texttt{StateFoodTaken} \\ 
 \hline
 \texttt{AskHP} & \texttt{AskMessage} & Asks how much HP an agent has & \texttt{StateHP} \\ 
  \hline
 \texttt{AskFoodOnPlatform} & \texttt{AskMessage} & Asks how much food is on the platform when it arrives at the (recipient) agent & \texttt{StateFoodOnPlatform} \\ 
 \hline
 \texttt{AskIntendedFoodIntake} & \texttt{AskMessage} & Asks how much food an agent is planning to take & \texttt{StateIntendedFoodIntake} \\ 
 \hline
 \texttt{StateFoodTaken} & \texttt{StateMessage} & States how much food an agent has taken &   \\
 \hline
 \texttt{StateHP} & \texttt{StateMessage} & States how much HP an agent has &   \\
 \hline

>  \texttt{StateFoodOnPlatform} & \texttt{StateMessage} & States how food is on the platform when it arrives to the agent &  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 \texttt{StateFoodOnPlatform} & \texttt{StateMessage} & States how much food is on the platform when it arrives to the agent &  
```

 \\
 \hline

>  \texttt{StateIntendedFoodIntake} & \texttt{StateMessage} & States how food the agent is planning to take &  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 \texttt{StateIntendedFoodIntake} & \texttt{StateMessage} & States how much food the agent is planning to take &  
```

 \\
 \hline

>  \texttt{RequestLeaveFood} & \texttt{RequestMessage} & Requests that an agent (presumably above) you leaves a certain amount of food on the platform & \texttt{BoolResponse}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 \texttt{RequestLeaveFood} & \texttt{RequestMessage} & Requests that an agent (presumably above you) leaves a certain amount of food on the platform & \texttt{BoolResponse}
```

 \\
 \hline

>  \texttt{RequestTakeFood} & \texttt{RequestMessage} & Requests that an agent (presumably above) you takes a certain amount of food on the platform & \texttt{BoolResponse}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 \texttt{RequestTakeFood} & \texttt{RequestMessage} & Requests that an agent (presumably above you) takes a certain amount of food on the platform & \texttt{BoolResponse}
```

 \\
 \hline
 \texttt{BoolResponse} & \texttt{ResponseMessage} & Message affirming or rejecting a request &  
\end{longtable}
\end{center}

> The distinction between ``receiving" and ``reacting" becomes important. Because we wanted to ensure that \textit{receiving} any of these message types did not mean that the recipient had to \textit{react}, the ``reaction" was separated into an external function which the agent could optionally call after they extracted their message from the inbox. \newline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The distinction between ``receiving" and ``reacting" becomes important. We wanted to ensure that \textit{receiving} any of these message types did not mean that the recipient had to \textit{react}. For that reason, the ``reaction" was separated into an external function which the agent could optionally call after they extracted their message from the inbox. \newline
```

> The design works such that if Alice on Floor 11 wanted to ask Floor 12 to leave 10 food on the platform for her:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The design works such that if Alice on Floor 11 wanted to ask Floor 10 to leave 10 food on the platform for her:
```

> The design works such that if Alice on Floor 11 wanted to ask Floor 12 to leave 10 food on the platform for her:
> \begin{enumerate}
>     \item At Tick 0, Alice constructs a \texttt{RequestLeaveFoodMessage} with \texttt{Request} set to 10 addressed to Floor 12.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The design works such that if Alice on Floor 11 wanted to ask Floor 10 to leave 10 food on the platform for her:
\begin{enumerate}
    \item At Tick 0, Alice constructs a \texttt{RequestLeaveFoodMessage} with \texttt{Request} set to 10 addressed to Floor 10.
```

I think that a request message of this type would be sent upwards, so personally would the floor numbers to reflect that.

Author: Wait I'm confused - Alice is on 11, Bob is on 12, so the message would be addressed to Floor 12 right?

Reviewer 3: Floor 12 is below floor 11 in the tower, to send a message upwards you send to your floor - 1 (I think this is the case anyway but it is 4am)

Reviewer 2: yeh, the floor above 11 is 10, I think it makes more sense cause its 4 am

>     \item At Tick 0, Alice constructs a \texttt{RequestLeaveFoodMessage} with \texttt{Request} set to 10 addressed to Floor 12.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item At Tick 0, Alice constructs a \texttt{RequestLeaveFoodMessage} with \texttt{Request} set to 10 addressed to Floor 10
```

    \item At Tick 0, Alice sends the message.
    \item At Tick 1, Bob (whose inbox was previously empty and who was listening for messages) receives Alice's message. If he chooses to react, he decides whether or not he wants to cooperate with Alice and generates his response with the \texttt{Reply} function of the message (no need to construct the \textit{BoolResponseMessage} himself).
    \item At Tick 1, he sends his reply back, addressed to the message's sender floor.
    \item At Tick 2, Alice (whose inbox was also previously empty) receives Bob's response and may choose to react to it.
\end{enumerate}

> The system so far provided a solid mechanism for agents to communicate to their neighbours, to gather information and to request help in times of crisis (potentially building trust or temporary relationships). However, it was contingent on communicating agents being on consecutive floors, any relationships built through this kind of communication could only last for a reshuffle period unless the agent implemented a specific kind of internal memory structure. Additionally, the communication was still relatively rudimentary. Alice's request for 10 food could be rejected by Bob because his HP is critical and he will starve immediately without food, but the current system only allows Bob to either accept or refuse Alice's request without communicating anything about his own state. This could potentially worsen his relationship with Alice, had Alice known that Bob was in a critical state perhaps her trust to him would not degrade because of this rejection. \newline 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The system provided a solid mechanism for agents to communicate with their neighbours, gather information, and request help in times of crisis (potentially building trust or temporary relationships). However, it was contingent on communicating agents being on consecutive floors. Any relationships built through this kind of communication could only last for a reshuffle period unless the agent implemented an internal memory structure. Additionally, the communication was still relatively rudimentary. Alice's request for 10 food could be rejected by Bob because his HP is critical and he will starve immediately without food, but the current system only allows Bob to either accept or refuse Alice's request without communicating anything about his own state. This could potentially worsen his relationship with Alice. Had Alice known that Bob was in a critical state perhaps her trust in him would not have degraded because of this rejection. \newline 
```

For more nuanced, long-lasting communication, treaties and message propagation were needed.

\subsection{Treaties}

> Treaties are formalized agreements between agents who agreed to a set of conditions and corresponding requests. An example treaty might be \textit{“Please leave 40 food on the platform if you are not in critical condition”}. In an honest run of the experiment deception was disallowed and it was ensured that if an agent agreed to a treaty, they would be be bound to uphold it. \newline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Treaties are formalized agreements between agents who agreed to a set of conditions and corresponding requests. An example treaty might be \textit{“Please leave 40 food on the platform if you are not in critical condition”}. In an honest run of the experiment, deception was disallowed and it was ensured that if an agent agreed to a treaty, they would be bound to uphold it. \newline
```

This required designing an internal mini-language for how treaties should be written and understood. It was decided that a treaty consisted of 6 language components:
\begin{center}
\begin{tabular}{p{4cm}p{11.5cm}}
 \hline
 \textbf{Field} & \textbf{Description} \\ [0.5ex] 
 \hline\hline
 \texttt{ConditionType} & 
 Dictates the type of condition the treaty is active with possibilities of:
 \begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{\texttt{HP}}: The treaty's activeness is dependent on the signing agent's HP.
    \item \textbf{\texttt{Floor}}: The treaty's activeness is dependent on the signing agent's current floor.
    \item \textbf{\texttt{AvailableFood}}: The treaty's activeness is dependent on the signing agent's available food (food on platform).
\end{itemize} \\
 \hline

>  \texttt{ConditionOp} & Includes all the mathematical operators \geq, >, =, <, \leq \\ 

Reviewer 4: probably a bug here

 \hline
 \textbf{Message \newline Category} & \textbf{Reply \newline Category} & \textbf{Body Functions} & \textbf{Description} \\ [0.5ex] 
 \hline\hline
 \texttt{ProposalMessage} & \texttt{ResponseMessage} &  
 \texttt{Reply}: Returns \texttt{TreatyResponseMessage} \newline 
 \texttt{Treaty}: Returns the treaty that the proposal is carrying &
 Carries a treaty from proposer/propagator to recipient.\\
 \hline
\end{tabular}
\end{center}
\texttt{TreatyResponse} sub-type of \texttt{ResponseMessage} which were response messages that contained the ID of the treaty it was responding to. \newline
The treaties-relay-design and the inaccuracy of the signature count is illustrated if Alice, still on Floor 10, wanted to propose the treaty \textit{“Please leave 40 food on the platform if you are not in critical condition”} to her neighbours downstairs and upstairs it would work as follows:
\begin{enumerate}
    \item Tick 0: Alice constructs the treaty, embeds it within a \texttt{ProposeTreatyMessage} and sends it upward (as she can only send one message per tick). Alice's treaty begins with a \texttt{SignatureCount} of 1 (since she implicitly signed it by proposing).

>     \item Tick 1: Treaty arrives on the 11th Floor in Bob's (previously empty) inbox and he chooses to respond positively and signs. On Bob's local copy of the treaty, the \texttt{SignatureCount} has incremented to 2 but not on Alice's. Bob replies through \texttt{Reply} and sends the  \texttt{TreatyResponse} downstairs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item Tick 1: Treaty arrives on the 9th Floor in Bob's (previously empty) inbox and he chooses to respond positively and signs. On Bob's local copy of the treaty, the \texttt{SignatureCount} has incremented to 2 but not on Alice's. Bob replies through \texttt{Reply} and sends the  \texttt{TreatyResponse} downstairs.
```

>     \item Tick 1: Meanwhile, Alice also sends the treaty downward to Floor 9.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item Tick 1: Meanwhile, Alice also sends the treaty downward to Floor 11.
```

> \texttt{TreatyResponse} sub-type of \texttt{ResponseMessage} which were response messages that contained the ID of the treaty it was responding to. \newline
> The treaties-relay-design and the inaccuracy of the signature count is illustrated if Alice, still on Floor 10, wanted to propose the treaty \textit{“Please leave 40 food on the platform if you are not in critical condition”} to her neighbours downstairs and upstairs it would work as follows:
> \begin{enumerate}
>     \item Tick 0: Alice constructs the treaty, embeds it within a \texttt{ProposeTreatyMessage} and sends it upward (as she can only send one message per tick). Alice's treaty begins with a \texttt{SignatureCount} of 1 (since she implicitly signed it by proposing).
>     \item Tick 1: Treaty arrives on the 11th Floor in Bob's (previously empty) inbox and he chooses to respond positively and signs. On Bob's local copy of the treaty, the \texttt{SignatureCount} has incremented to 2 but not on Alice's. Bob replies through \texttt{Reply} and sends the  \texttt{TreatyResponse} downstairs.
>     \item Tick 1: Meanwhile, Alice also sends the treaty downward to Floor 9.
>     \item Tick 2: Treaty arrives on the 9th Floor in Carol's (previously empty) inbox and she also chooses to respond positively. \newline

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
\texttt{TreatyResponse} sub-type of \texttt{ResponseMessage} which were response messages that contained the ID of the treaty it was responding to. \newline
The treaties-relay-design and the inaccuracy of the signature count is illustrated if Alice, still on Floor 10, wanted to propose the treaty \textit{“Please leave 40 food on the platform if you are not in critical condition”} to her neighbours downstairs and upstairs it would work as follows:
\begin{enumerate}
    \item Tick 0: Alice constructs the treaty, embeds it within a \texttt{ProposeTreatyMessage} and sends it upward (as she can only send one message per tick). Alice's treaty begins with a \texttt{SignatureCount} of 1 (since she implicitly signed it by proposing).
    \item Tick 1: Treaty arrives on the 9th Floor in Bob's (previously empty) inbox and he chooses to respond positively and signs. On Bob's local copy of the treaty, the \texttt{SignatureCount} has incremented to 2 but not on Alice's. Bob replies through \texttt{Reply} and sends the  \texttt{TreatyResponse} downstairs.
    \item Tick 1: Meanwhile, Alice also sends the treaty downward to Floor 11.
    \item Tick 2: Treaty arrives on the 11th Floor in Carol's (previously empty) inbox and she also chooses to respond positively. \newline
```

Same as other comments, tower is inverted.

>     \item Tick 2: Treaty arrives on the 9th Floor in Carol's (previously empty) inbox and she also chooses to respond positively. \newline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item Tick 2: Treaty arrives on the 11th Floor in Carol's (previously empty) inbox and she also chooses to respond positively. \newline
```

    Here, Carol's local copy of the treaty has a \texttt{SignatureCount} of 2 not 3 despite the fact she is the third person to sign.
    \item Tick 2: Meanwhile, Alice has received Bob's affirmation. Knowing that he signed it, she increments her copy of the treaty.
    \item Tick 3: Alice also receives Carol's affirmation, she increments her local \texttt{SignatureCount} to 4, making her the only person with access to the correct signature numbers.
    \item Tick \texttt{n}: In some future tick post-reshuffle where Alice, Bob and Carol are no longer neighbours, the three of them and whoever else signed copies of the treaty (if Carol or Bob further propogated the treaty) are bound to the agreement that if they are not in critical condition, they would leave 40 food)
\end{enumerate}
Although we discussed several approaches for keeping an accurate state of the \texttt{SignatureCount}, they required too much communication overhead which could be detrimental to strategies since messages were capped at one per tick. Agent teams opposed the idea of removing the field altogether so an inaccurate but potentially useful \texttt{SignatureCount} was kept. \newline

> Because the honest run of the experiment required that no agent would break their treaties, by default agents would reject treaties. This default was expected to be overridden by any agent team who wanted to communicate with other agents so this introduced difficulties in how to ensure that treaties that had been signed were followed. There were suggestions for a technical solution however ultimately that was too restrictive for agent strategies as it would require Team 1 to somehow conditionally override agent behavior depending on if they had an active treaty or not which was technically difficult but also extremely limiting for the agents. Ultimately it was decided that the honesty would be maintained through thorough a combination of readable agent code and thorough PR (pull request) reviews from Team 1 as treaty-strategies were implemented. \newline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because the honest run of the experiment required that no agent would break their treaties, by default, agents would reject treaties. This default was expected to be overridden by any agent team who wanted to communicate with other agents so this introduced difficulties in how to ensure that treaties that had been signed were followed truthfully. There were suggestions for a technical solution but, ultimately, it was too restrictive for agent strategies as it would require Team 1 to somehow conditionally override agent behavior depending on whether they had an active treaty or not. This was technically difficult but also extremely limiting for the agents. Ultimately it was decided that the honesty would be maintained through thorough PR (pull request) reviews from Team 1 as treaty-strategies were implemented. \newline
```

With the advent of treaties and the possibility of building relationships that outlived a reshuffle, it was time to extend communications beyond immediate neighbors to possibly tower-wide.

\subsection{Message Propagation}
Multi-floor communication was a long-awaited feature among agent teams so there had already been many conversations about how best to achieve this. There were two main approaches.
\begin{enumerate}
    \item \textbf{Shouting}: An agent could shout up or down a specified number of floors and every agent the in-between floors could also hear.
    \item \textbf{Directed Shouting}: An agent could shout in such a way that only the agent on the targeted floor would hear but none of the agents in the in-between floors could.
    \item \textbf{Propagating}: An agent could only speak to its immediate neighbour but they could instruct their neighbour to pass the message on to the target floor.
\end{enumerate}

> Option 2 was eliminated quickly for its unreasonable premise, it was not clear conceptually how an agent could yell only to one recipient. \newline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Option 2 was eliminated quickly for its unreasonable premise, as it was not clear conceptually how an agent could yell only to one recipient. \newline
```

Option 1 required some limit on the number of floors you could yell across. Agent teams also suggested that shouting should not be a free action and should ``cost" HP when engaged in often. Although interesting, it introduced unnecessary complexity and was eliminated. \newline
Option 3 also had some interesting implications. There were multiple possibilities in how the in-between agents would behave:
\begin{itemize}
    \item An in-between agent could break the propagation chain and not inform the original sender.
    \item An in-between agent could tamper with the message before passing it on.
    \item An in-between agent could eavesdrop on the message being passed.
\end{itemize}

> After some discussion, it was decided that for honest experiments breaking the chain without informing and message-tampering were disallowed while eavesdropping remained legal. \newline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After some discussion, it was decided that, for honest experiments, breaking the chain without informing and message-tampering were disallowed while eavesdropping remained legal. \newline
```
